Feature/atr 454 dev release notes21 (#297)
Acumatica/Acuminator: docs/ReleaseNotes.md

# Acuminator Release Notes
This document provides information about fixes, enhancements, and key features that are available in Acuminator.

## Acuminator 2.1
Acuminator 2.1 includes the diagnostics, code fixes, enhancements, and bug fixes described in this section, as well as the features that have been implemented in previous versions.

### New Diagnostic and Code Fixes
In this version, the diagnostic and code fixes have been added for the following issue.

| Code                            | Issue Description                                                | Type    | Diagnostics | Code Fix    | 
| ------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- | ----------- | ----------- |

> | [PX1007](diagnostics/PX1007.md) | A public class should have a description in the `summary` XML tag. | Warning (Level 3: Informational)	 | Available | Available   |

Reviewer: @k-s-popova  the default diagnostic severity is currently a "Warning", not "Informational". Should we changed that? But informational severity will most likely pass our regress tests and overall is hard to notice in the Visual Studio

Author: @SENya1990 , so which type it has? 
We have three types of warnings (besides errors and messages) for ISV certification: 
Warning (Level 1: Significant)
Warning (Level 2: Production Quality)
Warning (Level 3: Informational)

Reviewer: Well, I'm not sure about ISV levels. I was referring to VS IDE Severity levels. I'm not sure how they are converted to ISV warnings.
@dropsonic  may be you can help?

Reviewer 2: @SENya1990 ISV levels are used for information purposes. They do not exist in Visual Studio.
Dmitriy Naumov can help with determining the corresponding level because he is the main stakeholder for these levels.

Reviewer: Well I just wanted to say that there is no mapping between the IDE severity and ISV protection level and the developer will see the IDE severity. I'm not sure if many developers even know about ISV protection levels at least the devs not working for ISV. So I'm not sure that we should write them in the documentation for the diagnostic - it can be confusing for other devs. At least I would suggest to write both severity and ISV protection level, or discuss the mapping between severity and ISV protection level, like IDE severity Warning should be a "Warning" protection level

Reviewer: Because it will be confusing for me to find a "Warning" from PX1007 in the IDE, then open the documentation and see an "Information" protection level. There are devs who strive to have no warnings at all and the difference between "Warning" and "Information" is big for them.

Reviewer 2: It exists since the beginning. There is a clear mapping between ISV severity and VS severity: Error in VS is Error for ISV; Warning in VS is Warning for ISV, but there is 3 levels of warnings for ISV; Information is Information too. So it is impossible to have Information in the docs and Warning in VS. It is just a more granular severity description for ISVs.
It was created for ISV Certification Program by Ruslan to provide clear requirements for different certification levels.

Author: I renamed Level to ISV Level so that it is clear that these levels are only for ISVs.

Reviewer: Yes, I just wanted for the text to more clearly indicate that it is related to ISV. The current text seems fine to me

### Ability to Suppress a Diagnostic by Adding a Code Comment

> In Acuminator 2.1, you can suppress any diagnostic by adding a specific comment directly in code. To add a suppression comment, you select **Suppress the PX10YY diagnostic with Acuminator > in a comment** (where PX00YY is the code of the diagnostic) as a code fix for the diagnostic, as shown in the following screenshot.

Reviewer: Why the "PX10**"? It can be any Acuminator diagnostic ID.
```suggestion
In Acuminator 2.1, you can suppress any diagnostic by adding a specific comment directly in code. To add a suppression comment, you select **Suppress the PX**** diagnostic with Acuminator > in a comment** (where PX**** is the code of the diagnostic) as a code fix for the diagnostic, as shown in the following screenshot.
```

Author: Do we have any others except PX10**?

Reviewer: Not for now, but if we add more diagnostic we are going to have more than a hundred.  Imho, it's better to account for that now than rewrite docs later

Author: Changed to PXYYYY

Author: Actually, we will not rewrite release notes even if we change something)

 - The justification of the suppression, which explains why this diagnostic is suppressed for this code fragment. You type the explanation instead of `[Justification]`.

```C#
// Acuminator disable once PX1007 NoXmlCommentForPublicClass [Justification]
public class ARReleaseProcess_Extension : PXGraphExtension<ARReleaseProcess>
{
    ...
}
```

You can also suppress an Acuminator diagnostic in the Acuminator suppression file. This option is now available as a code fix and has been removed from the menu commands. For details about the diagnostic suppression, see [Diagnostic Suppression](diagnostics/DiagnosticSuppression.md).

### Enhancements and Bug Fixes in the Code Map
Acuminator 2.1 includes the following enhancements in the code map:

 - The code map now can be used for DACs and DAC extensions. For each DAC, the list of key fields and the full list of DAC fields is displayed. For each DAC field, the code map shows the list of attributes. The code map for a file that contains two DACs is shown in the following screenshot.

>  ![Code Map](images/CodeMapForDacs.png)

Reviewer: @k-s-popova should I change the name of the category to `DAC fields` instead of `Properties`?

Author: @SENya1990 , yes, please change to DAC Fields

Reviewer: Done

Reviewer: ![изображение](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7687400/66307353-ea391680-e90c-11e9-8f7b-4af61c83740a.png)

Author: @SENya1990 , I need to update the screenshot. Please send me the latest version of Acuminator.

Reviewer: The screenshot to replace one with old name

>  - The code map now supports cycling navigation between partial definitions.

Reviewer: @k-s-popova only for a graph. The DAC shouldn't have two partial declarations as Acumatica depends on the order of fields and it it unspecified

Author: Fixed

 The following bugs have been fixed:

 - The code map could freeze for a graph that included a method with a signature similar to that of an event handler.
 - The code map could not display generic event handlers if they had custom names.
 - The code map did not support `CacheAttached` generic event handlers.

> ### Other Enhancements and Fixed Bugs

Reviewer: I would mention that all DAC related diagnostics should be faster now because we share between them the collected semantic information about DAC instead of collecting it separately for each diagnostic.

Author: Added.
